By creating a character on Emblem of Ea MUSH, you certify that you understand and agree to the following:

Emblem of Ea MUSH is a text-based cooperative storytelling game intended for adult players. Its server resides in the country of the United States of America and intends to comply with all applicable laws. By creating a character or playing here, you certify that your participation in this game does not violate any local laws applicable to you, and that you are a legal adult in your country of residence. 

Participation in Emblem of Ea MUSH is on an at-will basis for all parties, with or without notification of intent to join or depart. Staff reserve the right to ask any player to leave, at any time and for any reason, with or without prior incidents or prior notification, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the administrators of the game for any damages incurred as a result of your participation on Emblem of Ea.

Emblem of Ea MUSH uses trademarks and/or copyrights owned by Paizo Inc., used under Paizo's [Community Use Policy](https://paizo.com/licenses/communityuse). We are expressly prohibited from charging you to use or access this content. Emblem of Ea MUSH is not published, endorsed, or specifically approved by Paizo. For more information about Paizo Inc. and Paizo products, visit [paizo.com](https://paizo.com/).

Emblem of Ea MUSH collects limited personal information from each player as part of its registration process, including a valid email address. These are used solely for the purpose of contacting our players in the event of idle-out or game emergencies, and are not sold, not used for commercial purposes, and not divulged by game admins to anyone for any reason, except as required by law.

All players are expected to be aware of and adhere to all [Game Policies](/wiki/policy:game-policies) on the Emblem of Ea MUSH wiki. Changes will be communicated through multiple venues on the web portal and on the text game, as well as applicable social media spaces.
